# Open Source PDF editor

This project is developed by Group 10 (Arya Salwan and Harnoor Singh) as part of ECE 5010 deliverables.

## Instructions for Setup (on Windows)

1. Install Visual Studio. Visual Studio 2022 Community Edition was used for this project. While installing Visual Studio, there will be an option to also install the .NET Multi-platform App UI development workload (.NET 8.0) with its default optional installation options. For more details, refer here [https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/get-started/installation?view=net-maui-8.0&tabs=vswin](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/get-started/installation?view=net-maui-8.0&tabs=vswin)

2. If you have already installed Visual Studio, follow the instruction here to modify Visual Studio workloads in order to install the .NET Multi-platform App UI development workload (.NET 8.0). Refer here:
[https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/modify-visual-studio?view=vs-2022](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/modify-visual-studio?view=vs-2022)

3. Install the PDFSharp library. To do this, right click on the ece5010 project icon in Solution Explorer in Visual Studio, Select Manage Nuget Packages, Go to Browse and then search for "PDFSharp" and install the latest stable version.

Alternatively, one can install this package from command line with `dotnet add package PDFsharp`.

4. Run the app from Visual Studio by clicking on the run button and selecting "Windows Machine" as the platform.

5. App can now be used to merge, split, insert, insert empty page, secure and invert PDFs.


## Other notes

1. XAML files for frontend were generated by writing code manually (not generated through drag and drop UI in IDE). Therefore, they have been included as part of this project.

2. Please feel free to contact the authors if any questions arise, or if you need a released version of the software.

3. GitHub access to the project can also be provided to your GitHub Accounts upon request. The repository is being kept private until the project is graded.

